Managed property reloading

Problem, managed beans only reload currently at their own level.
They should reload the entire dependency graph wherever needed.

We face two problems first we can have deep dependency graphs
Secondly multiple beans can reference the same bean and also
can have long running scopes.

We cannot for now solve all problems related to dependency graph reloading
but we can solve most.

First deep graphs.

The copy properties has to be extende, first we have to walk through the entire dependency
graph and in case of managed properties we have to reload the instances in case
of having a manged property. (Simply fetch the bean instead of
simply copying the old one)

Long running beans, this is not really possible to resolve for now because
we do not have back references to the old beans, programmers
must use either a manual load for long running beans referencing others, or simply
live with it.


We probably in the long run can introduce a scoped proxy doing it, but then
we have to work over interfaces again, which is contra productive.

Solution for now we probably have to allow a scoped proxy system within jsf
not sure how to solve this fully yet.


We have to deal in two stages with the problem

first make a forward referencing reloading mechanism for the current state
secondly deal with parents as soon as we can determine them by
simply touching the corresponding parent source files, or make a full graph and then even mark
the precompiled parents as cascadable



Annotation scanning and recompilation in an language independend manner

Currently:
We do currently source scanning for annotations this can only work in java
and only works in a limited manner in java

Goal:
Annotatons should be processed on the fly and new ones automatically picked up
and altered ones being reprocessed.

Existing facilities, the class tracker which keeps track of already loaded
classes.
The MyFaces configuration object which keeps the data for the beans etc...

Following way should be provided. If an object loading or reinitialisation
runs into a class not found situation or resource not declared situation,
track down the sources which are not processed yet and do a compilation of them
then process the annotation and try to reload the class for further
processing.


Following interception points have to be triggered.

A the scripting weaver has to trigger the tracking code if a class cannot
be found.
Upon initial loading for beans etc... in the proxies if a null value
is given back we have to trigger the scanner and recompiler on this level as well.

Extension to the tracker to deal with removed or renamed files.
The tracker upon running has to track if the file still exists and if not
has to remove the file from its list.

Also we have to remove the facilities from the configuration in this case!
PENDING removal:


Following has to be done for now:
a) provide the annotation scanning upon class loading every time a class
is loaded via our facilities we have to rescan the annotations
this can keep track of changes in the managed properties

b) if a class cannot be found on loader level we have to compile all source files of the requested type
currently not found in the tracker and then try to load it again and reparse it
if the class still cannot be found we can fall back into the old class not found code
(probably can be automatable via javac due to its nature of wildcarding)

if a facility under a certain id cannot be found we have to do a recompile of all facilities
and then do a full reregistration scan of all annotations (note we also should keep
track of the annotation states so that we can unregister deleted ones )















